We just marked up the title of a page using a heading element
heading elements let you mark up certain parts of your content as headings are subheadings to just like
a book has a main title chapter titles subtitles and so on an eight team old document Cantu X Tim L.
has six heading levels from 1 to 6 denoted by the elements.
H 1 through 2 hate.
6.
The most important heading on the page is use the etch one.
Then if you have a subtitle lower down that will be h 2 and so on.
Although there are six levels you'll probably only ever use three of four.
We've already got an H heading in our code so let's add some subheadings.
If it makes sense according to the structure of your document you can have as many heading elements
at the same level as you like.
So for example let's add a subheading before each paragraph.
This H1 would be the main heading on the page and these 8 two elements are the subheadings.
In the browser we see the heading here and the subheadings here and here.
As you can see from this example the browser renders the H one element in a larger font and H to slightly
smaller.
This continues all the way down to heading level 6.
Now the styling in the actual font size is decided by the browser.
Don't be tempted at this stage to use a different heading element to change the font size when it's
displayed on screen.
We'll see how we can change font sizes colours type faces and so on later on for now we're just semantically
marking a power document which means we're just telling the browser what the various parts of our document
are.
In addition to the headers we've already got some paragraphs of text.
We mark these up with a P of a paragraph element.
This simply creates a block of text that is separated from the others by a blank line and some vertical
space.
You can have as many paragraphs as you like in NH to timal document.